Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Bren! Breakfast!
Good morning. Mother.
Where is Father?
Boars ruined the fence again.
I will go and fetch him.
Before your delicious porridge gets cold.
Oh. come on!
Thank you. little spark.
Left. left!
Here. let me help.
No offense. kid. but I don't think
you can do any better.
Son? You have something up your sleeve?
Pockets. actually.
Now keep it steady.
Well done. boy.
Sorcery!
No-- well. yes. Sort of.
Your father said you could do magic--
but I figured he meant card tricks...
A common misunderstanding.
Magic is nothing more than a tool.
Like a hoe or a hammer.
Amazing what this one can do with
talent and some old books.
Wow. that's a fancy ride.
What is the Empire doing way out here?
Shake his hand.
I heard there was a farmer's son
in the Zemni Fields
who had a gift for magic.
This transmutation spell... it shows a
high level of refinement.
He's not in trouble then?
No. no. Quite the opposite.
It's been quite a while since I've had a
home-cooked meal.
Your doing. I presume?
It was an accident.
Arcane Fire.
Sadly. your brick never stood a chance.
Arcane Fire burns hotter
than natural flames.
To summon such a spell
with no instruction--
that's exemplary. Bren.
It was just in a book. sir.
Anyone can read the words.
But to understand it...
I believe you would thrive
at the Soltryce Academy.
I appreciate that. sir.
But my hands are needed here.
We've discussed it.
The tuition is...
We could take some livestock to market.
Darling.
We'd never want to hold Bren back
from serving the Empire.
I see.
I'm certain Bren's talent will
secure him a scholarship.
And if he graduates. he'll earn more than
enough to hire help for the farm.
Ow! You stupid--
Frumpkin! No!
I am sorry. sir.
He's never done that before.
It's quite alright.
See?
All better.
In my hand is an acceptance
letter to the Academy.
The parchment is enchanted
so that when it burns. the letter
will appear in the Admissions Office.
Consider this your entrance exam.
Bren means 'fire' in the old tongue. yes?
Let's see if you can live up to the name.
You can do this. lad.
Bren Aldric Ermendrud.
Welcome to the Soltryce Academy.
And to the rest of your life.
- Bren. how wonderful.
- My boy!
Now you can no longer hide.
You've got big balls showing up late.
You can do this.
You know how easy it would be for us
to kill her. together.
You have lost her trust Bren. The others
will soon follow.
Silence.
The monk will snap your neck when she
finds out the truth.
Shut your mouth!
Kill her. while you still can.
Just tell her.
You are still Volstrucker.
You are a killer. Follow your
instincts. Kill her. then come home.
Father still loves you.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org